Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. (the “Company”) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 1, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.

Uncertain Tax Positions

Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. As of September 28, 2024, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $22.0 billion, of which $10.8 billion, if recognized, would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. In accounting for some of the uncertain tax positions, the Company uses significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws. Auditing management’s evaluation of whether an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and the measurement of the benefit of various tax positions can be complex, involves significant judgment, and is based on interpretations of tax laws and legal rulings. 

Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 48

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested controls relating to the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, including controls over management’s assessment as to whether tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained, management’s process to measure the benefit of its tax positions that qualify for recognition, and the related disclosures. We evaluated the Company’s assessment of which tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained and the related measurement of the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. Our audit procedures included, among others, reading and evaluating management’s assumptions and analysis, and, as applicable, the Company’s communications with taxing authorities, that detailed the basis and technical merits of the uncertain tax positions. We involved our tax subject matter resources in assessing the technical merits of certain of the Company’s tax positions based on our knowledge of relevant tax laws and experience with related taxing authorities. For a certain tax position, we also received an external legal counsel confirmation letter and discussed the matter with external advisors and the Company’s tax personnel. In addition, we evaluated the Company’s disclosure in relation to these matters included in Note 7 to the financial statements. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2009.

San Jose, California

November 1, 2024

Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 49

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
